yo when's your dash subscribers would
suck on my knees I where it's my
gamertag and first let me just introduce
myself because I'm sure now you know who
i am goes right now i'll have like 10
subs and also if my voice sounds that
I'm stupid um sorry you know i'm russian
and i'm 15 so i'm not going to have the
best toys and just first introduce
myself a little bit like my name is
Victor and I'm 15 I live in a suburb of
philly and pretty much I like to play
sports I like playing ecology and I hate
videos and that's pretty much the reason
you're watching this right now pretty
much this is what I like to do I like to
quickscope and just tell me like you
want to see like what you want to see
more because this is a good game it's a
third year in one but a plateau campy
and my shots are good but they're not
the best so tell me if you want to see
like if you would rather see like 30 and
ones like 30 and threes with like this
type of lifestyle or like 30 and tens
but I'll get like crazy shots so
basically I've just using the normal
setup here normal quickscoping setup
sleight of hand pro stopping power close
I'm not studying I don't know what
people say any studying clip scope
you're really done with and I just fine
here I'm just sound horn people and it's
a little boy towards that like here in
the beginning but once it get my
killstreaks go and it kicks up and yep I
just looked like so far I have like four
wits online channel and tell me like and
all of the market so tribal gameplays
and tell me what you would rather see
why would you ever see like stuff like
this like like quickscoping or like
which was a brother seeming go like
super try hard and get like alien files
and stuff and yeah just go subscribe to
my channel because I have so many ideas
right now and
I'm just trying to make my channel grow
and thankee wings Redemption like you
like you just look like flat Brandon's
post stuff on your channel and that's
just like pretty cool so yeah thank you
and the killstreaks i'm using in this
game are pred harrier and pave low on
and this is like recently I just learned
that you should just try to have fun
playing this game guys I used to like
this go try harder than diamond get the
best score but it is this game there's
like so many things wrong with the end
but like if you go trihard you're just
gonna get mad cuz you're going to die of
all the stupid shit so just it doesn't
like I don't care if I said have fun
quick scope and I go like 20 and 25 it
fits like whatever I just have fun
playing in this like if you're always
trying to go for the best key and like
like not trying to die you're just gonna
get mad to the game and not have the
most fun playing so yeah just like my
recommendation of how you should play on
my channel i'm going to i'm going to be
posting on this series i could get
better but it's like I'd be about
camping and stuff and here you see I get
my paper went pretty much I sort
everything pics up here I'm still sound
horn I see Doug IV in him getting a
little edge sniper battle he gets a good
marker Audia hitmarker then I think I
get him and yeah just pretty much let's
stop it stop opposed to my channel or
it's just like gameplay I think you'll
find entertaining it doesn't have to be
the best score yet like okay like I get
like crazy shots and I'm like okay
scores um pretty much how i like to
commentate is I don't like you only
hearing too much like tips and tricks on
how to be like super good but i'll be
like making a quick spoofing guide and
stuff like that but pretty much like
teaching yoga have funds in and display
how you think is fun i don't worry where
people say don't like if people call you
a bitch for camping its then you're
having fun camping go
can't it just how you have fun playing
it's like if you have fun doing really
good that's that's so good I have fun
with soaking and yeah just wait how you
want to play my favorite game mode it's
probably like three four or search and
destroy guys don't like switching the
store is just fun you can play it like
really tactical and stuff and fee for
all you just like can you can quick
stove anybody because these from
everybody's an enemy I play ground war
too but that's just like Burt montage
burps and you'll be seeing a lot like
really separate clips whenever i'll get
one on the stuff to live cause I think I
can't add it for my life and I'm just
gonna upload like wants to get a clip of
his mouth oh I'm not gonna say like lips
to make a montage so yeah this game is
wrapping up soon I'm gently another
carrier and then finish the game off
with a nice shot so let's do sup to my
channel because I'm trying to make a
Grove and right now it's nothing but
yeah thank you win this for when you
post this pretty much i'm a great
benefit from it so yeah the stomach
thing about this game and what you think
about having fun and blabber like how
you play to have fun and this supplement
shine on also if you can't download my
total toolbar that i have on my channel
because i'm trying to save up for astro
a40 so yeah I'll help out too and
wrapping up here I didn't want to call
it in my head